 Services Overview:

	Compute:
		EC2:
		ECS: (EC2 Container Service)
		Elastic Beanstalk:
		Lambda:
		Lightsail: VPS service, you don't have to deal with difficult of the Management console of the AWS
		Batch: for batch processing, not asked in the certification:

	Storage:
		S3: Simple storage service (SSS), buckets where you upload the files
		EFS: Elastic FileSyste, Network attached storage
		Glacier: Data archiver (kind of cheap)
		Snowball: for large amount of data
		Storage Gateway: Replicate data from our datacenter and replicate the data back into S3, there are 4 different types

	Database:
		RDS: Relational Database Service, mysql, MsSQL, Aurora(from Amazon)
		Dynamo DB: Non relational database service
		ElastiCache: Way of caching queries from our DB service. so it can be used if we want to access some data many times, without interferring in perfomance with our database
		Red Shift: Data warehousing, for complicated queries and so

	Migration:
		AWS Migration Hub: It's a tracking service which allows you to track your applications as you migrate into AWS, and integrated into other sevices.
		Application Discovery Service: it's a set of tools, detectecs application we have and the dependencies we have in order to run the application.
		Database Migration Service: it's a very easy way to migrate the DB from own premise to AWS. Basically help to do the migration
		Snowball: It can be also in Migration section dependeing how you classify,so it's used for migration very large amount of data (TBs)

	Network & Content Delivery: 
		VPC: Virtual Private Could, it's like a virtual datacenter (you configure network, route table, availability zones and so...). Complex service #@@ Really important for the examination
		CloudFront: Amazon Content delivery network. If you have different Media assets, images in different regions, when you want to access them, CloudFront can use some edge locations closer to the region where you are requesting the data
		Route53: Amazon DNS service (working like a phone book) 
		API Gateway: Way of creating our API to talk to our applications
		Direct Connect: It's a way to connect with a dedicated line from our  premises to Amazon premises #@@ Also it's important in the examination

	Developer Tools:
		# && Not single service in the exam
		CodeStar: project managing with the developers and do some colaboration
		CodeCommit: a way to store you control, some for example our own git repository, it would be tested and delivery
		CodePipeline: Continue delivery service
		X-Ray: To debug and analyze applications, request tracing
		
	Management tools:
		CloudWatch: Monitoring servers #@@ Really important in the examination
		CloudFormation: It is a way of Scripting infrastructure #@@ Really important in the examination
		CloudTrail: everytime you use the console, actually it is calling API and CloudTrail is doing the changes. it can be used for example to track if you have been hacked, so then you can guess who was. #@@ Important in the examination
		AWS Config: Monitor the configuration of the whole AWS environment, and it can have snapshots and visualize the config later for example.
		OpsWorks: Very similar to ElasticBeans but it's using Chef and puppets, it's a way to automate the enviroments
		Service Catalog: A way to mnanage IT services catalog in AWS, everything EC2, images, operating systems.. normally used for big organizations, as goverments. # && not requested in the exam.
		Systems Manager: An interface to manage all our AWS resources, typically used for example whenever you want to roll out a security patch into thousands of EC2. You can group resources and it can be very helpful if you are sysadmin. # && not requested in the exam.
		Trusted Advisor: It is giving advices in differents disciplines, as for example in Security (if you have open port which is not needed and so) or for example financially if you are not using some resource that you are paying and so...
		Managed Services: This one, can help you out if you don't want to admin your ec2 and so. # && not requested in the exam.
		
	Media Services: (new category) # && None of them will be requested on the AWS certification
		Elastic Transcoder: Resize and code a video
		MediaConvert: convert video, and do multicasting
		MediaLive: Broadcast video services, create HQ video for multiscreen
		MediaPackage: prepare videos for internet delivery
		MediaStore: Storage service for media (low latency and so)
		MediaTailor: Allow to do Target advertising in videostreams without sacrificing quality level
		
	Machine Learning: # && not requested in the exam.
		SageMaker: Deep Learning service for developer. Neuron networks.
		Amazon Comprehend: It analizing opinions of your products for example
		DeepLens: Artificial aware cameras, it recognice which is what it is looking at. it can be facial recognision too. Actually it's HW not a service just alone.
		Lex: it is which is powering the Alexa service, a way to communicate with customer with AI
		Machine Learning: (Different from Deep learning, so it's not related with neuron network). Throws a dataset to the cloud and analyze this data and giving some results. Machine learning is used for example when we log in Amazon.com and we have the recommended products.
		Polly: Even if it is not in the exam we will use it, basically turns tex into speech; really human voice with different access.
		Rekognition: both videos/images, he can recognize which is shown in the video picture, and actually it's  working quite good.
		Amazon Translate: translation service
		Amazon Transcribe: Transcribe automatically speech into text.
		
	Analytics:
	
		Athena: It's a managed service which allows to run SQL into your items in the S3 bouquets, and it's returning your results; for example if you have a bunch of excel spreadsheets you can do some queries using SQL and get the result back. # && not requested in the exam
		EMR:Elastic Map Reduce,it is processing large amount of data (used in Big Data). it compose of a few servers which are choping the data and then analyzing it  #@@ Included in the examination
		CloudSearch: doing searchs
		ElasticSearch: doing searchs
		Kinesis: A way to ingest big amount of data into AWS (like social media, tweets and so) Related with big data and we'll going into detail later #@@ Really important in the examination
		Kineseis Video Stream: it is the same like kinesis but related with videos
		QuickSight: It is very cheap service for business inteligence. # && not requested in the exam.
		Data Pipeline: A way to move data between different AWS services. 
		Glue: It used for ETL (extract - transform - load) Convert large amount of data into the desired format for example.
		

	
		
		

		
		
